---
layout: archive
title: "CV"
permalink: /cv/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /resume
---

{% include base_path %}

---
address: |
  Edinburgh, UK\
  <s1885517@ed.ac.uk>\
  [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/divy-bramhecha/)\
  [website: tgdivy.github.io](https://tgdivy.github.io/)
---

ABOUT ME


Education

**BSc. Hons Artificial Intelligence**, University of Edinburgh\
A lot of extra credits taken in mathematics and computer science (==
doing the 2nd year twice with unique courses) **Some Relevant Courses
taken:** Introductory Applied Machine Learning, Foundations of Natural
Language Processing, Speech Processing, Stochastic Modelling, Numerical
Ordinary Differential Equations, System Design Project, Reasoning and
Agents, Linear Programming Modelling and solutions, (and a lot of
courses in year 1 and 2 that focus on foundation of these topics)

EXPERIENCE

**NLP Research Intern [team
page](https://www.cs.hhu.de/en/research-groups/dialog-systems-and-machine-learning-prof-dr-milica-gasic/our-team.html)**
May 2020 - Oct 2020\
**at Dialog Systems And Machine Learning Group, Heinrich Heine
Universit√§t** Worked on [DSTC9
competition](https://dstc9.dstc.community/tracks), Beyond Domain APIs:
Task-oriented Conversational Modeling with Unstructured Knowledge
Access. Supervised by Dr. Milica Gasic and Dr. Michael Heck. The
challenge was a group effort, and **I worked on the second sub task**.
This involved extracting the correct knowledge entry from external
knowledge sources to support friction-less task-oriented scenarios,
where the flow of the conversation does not break when users have
requests that are out of the scope of APIs/DB but potentially are
already available in external knowledge sources. The work done in this
competition will be used to **submit a paper to AAAI** conference. (The
competition results will be announced post October 19th, and I cannot
mention any further details about my work here until then.)

**Tutor, Demonstrator and Marker at University of Edinburgh** Sep 2019 -
Present\
Appointed for 1st and 3rd courses namely Introduction to Applied Machine
Learning, Computational Logic, and Functional Programming. Requires me
to have a thorough understanding of these topics, and the ability to
explain them well.

**Machine Learning Engineer (part-time remote)** Jul 2019 - Nov 2019\
at **Mihup**: An Indian tech company for ASR and information retrieval
in Regional Indian Languages. **Goal:** An app which translates Indian
signboards from various regional languages to English. **I** worked on
the image to characters model. This required me research a lot of models
present, and how they can be utilized in low resource settings. **Skills
Used:** Google Cloud, PyTorch, CNN's, RCNN's

PROJECTS

**AI based Poem generator with [tutorial
blogs.](https://web.archive.org/web/20191215191035/https://divybramhecha.tech/category/research/)**
Using Natural Language Modelling, and Understanding with Probabilistic,
feature Engineering Approach to generate unique poems! Writing tutorials
on the same in blog posts, clearly communicating the knowledge of the
subject.

**Web Scrapper for Poetry Foundation
[link.](https://www.kaggle.com/tgdivy/poetry-foundation-poems)** Using
Selenium and Beautiful Soup, collecting all the poems, and their
respective tags, poets, title from Poetry Foundation. The complete
process is found in a tutorial blog series and communicated in a clear,
precise manner.

**Investigating how RNN's work
[link.](https://github.com/TGDivy/RNNs-Subject-verb)** This was part of
a masters level course at the university, where I in a team of 2,
investigate how RNN's work. We investigate how the performance changes
with the number of back steps used in the algorithm as the distance
between the subject and the verb increases.

**MB-TI Personality classifier
[link.](https://github.com/TGDivy/MBTI-Personality-Classifier)** This
was one my first projects in NLP. Created a group of classifier NLP
models which use your social media posts to predict your MB-TI
personality type.
